164 - Extract camera scanner from core library keeping the same activity (#176)
enioka-Haute-Couture/enioka_scan: docs/quickstart.md

}
```

> To use others devices or the smartphone's camera as a scanner, dependencies are required,
> you can check the [library dependencies and compatibility matrix](dependencies.md)
> for a detailed overview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional device-specific dependencies are required to enable support for actual scanners.
You can check the [library dependencies and compatibility matrix](dependencies.md)
for a detailed overview.
```
